# Lorelei Harbour
Hello. My name is Lorelei Elise Harbour. I was born in Loma Linda, California on a warm January afternoon. It was 2:32 pm in the Loma Linda University Hospital when an 8 lb baby burst into the world. What a blessed day (January 20, 2003). My mom placed me in a warm pink onesie. I was quite toasty and my dad says my cheeks were bright red from that moment, and every moment after that. My life started in that afternoon. A clean slate in front of me. A world to be seized. A world to be conquered. This would have to wait a few years, as I was still an infant. But the time would come soon enough. 

The first six years of my life were spend in Loma Linda. As my father moved through Medical School, my mother supported our family as an OT. I remember being dropped off at Miss Patty's house at a young age, excited to play with other kids while my parents worked. It was at Miss Patty's daycare where I potty trained successfully for the first time and was rewarded with a baby doll. This sparked something inside of me, a drive to acheive and accomplish something. A drive to earn praise and hear, "We're so proud of you, Lorelei". These were the praises my mom showered down on me, in between kisses, as Miss Patty told her about my big day.

Some afternoons, I remember Miss Karen picking me up and teaching me to read at home until my mom was done with work. Here, my love of words began. This is a love that has never died.

When I was 2.5, another child entered our family. Rather than lament the loss of my prized position as the only child, I looked at my sister with amazement and wonder, curious what she would bring into my life. 3 years after that, a third and final child entered the house. At this point, my sister and I had learn to coexist as nicely as two sisters could. We played together and had grand adventures. With another entering the house, we thought, "Amazing. Another one to play our games." When my mother placed him on the ground, and he simply stared up at us, then fell asleep, we were dissapointed to say the least. "Mommy..." my sister said, "what does he...do?"